microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:7:hardcoded variable:	const ProductFormSDCard = (props) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:8:hardcoded variable:	  const toggle = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:12:hardcoded variable:	  const productDetail=props.productDetail;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:14:hardcoded variable:	  const modal = props.modal;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:15:hardcoded variable:	  const productFormRef = useRef();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:16:hardcoded array:	  const [productFormValues, setProductFormValues] = useState({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:17:hardcoded string:	    gradeSegment: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:18:hardcoded number:	    gradesK10: [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:19:hardcoded string:	    gradesK12: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:20:hardcoded string:	    selectCourse: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:21:hardcoded string:	    selectValidity: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:22:hardcoded string:	    selectQuantity: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:24:hardcoded number:	  const [typeOfGradeSegment, setTypeOfGradeSegment] = useState(0);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:26:hardcoded number:	  const [optionsK10, setOptionsK10] = useState(
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:27:hardcoded string:	    new Array(7).fill("").map((grade, index) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:29:hardcoded number:	        label: `${String(index + 4)}th`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:30:hardcoded number:	        value: `${String(index + 4)}th`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:35:hardcoded string:	  console.log(optionsK10, "ppp");
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:37:hardcoded string:	  const optionsK12 = new Array(2).fill("").map((grade, index) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:39:hardcoded number:	      label: `${String(index + 11)}th`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:40:hardcoded number:	      value: `${String(index + 11)}th`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:44:hardcoded variable:	  const onAddItem = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:45:hardcoded number:	    const { gradeSegment, gradesK10, gradesK12 } = productFormValues;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:46:hardcoded number:	    let countEmptyGrades = 0;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:47:hardcoded number:	    let countEmptyStateBoard = 1;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:48:hardcoded string:	    if (gradeSegment.label === "Grades 4-10 (K10)" && !gradesK10.length)
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:49:hardcoded number:	      countEmptyGrades = 1;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:50:hardcoded string:	    if (gradeSegment.label === "Grades 11-12 (K12)" && !gradesK12)
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:51:hardcoded number:	      countEmptyGrades = 1;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:53:hardcoded number:	      Object.values(productFormValues).filter((value) => value.length === 0)
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:54:hardcoded number:	        .length - 1;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:55:hardcoded number:	    if(typeOfGradeSegment===1)
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:56:hardcoded number:	    totalEmptyCount=totalEmptyCount-1;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:59:hardcoded variable:	      const payload={
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:60:hardcoded string:	        category: "sd_card",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:61:hardcoded string:	        subType: "sd_card",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:63:hardcoded number:	        grade : typeOfGradeSegment === 1 ? productDetail.K10:productDetail.K12,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:65:hardcoded number:	        subCourse : typeOfGradeSegment === 2 ? productDetail.K12_Course: undefined,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:66:hardcoded string:	        validityType : "N/A",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:70:hardcoded variable:	      const response=callApi({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:71:hardcoded string:	        method:"POST",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:82:hardcoded string:	            "0": "SD Card",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:83:hardcoded string:	            "1": productFormValues.selectQuantity,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:84:hardcoded string:	            "2": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:85:hardcoded string:	            "3": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:86:hardcoded string:	            "4": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:87:hardcoded string:	            "5": 25000,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:88:hardcoded string:	            "6": 21000,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:93:hardcoded string:	        return [...prev,"sd_card"]
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:99:hardcoded variable:	  const handleChanges = (value, name, params) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:100:hardcoded object:	    const { data } = params;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:103:hardcoded string:	      [name]: typeof params === "object" ? (data ? data : value) : value,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:105:hardcoded string:	    if (name === "gradeSegment") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:106:hardcoded string:	      if (value === "gradesK10") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:107:hardcoded number:	        setTypeOfGradeSegment(1);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:109:hardcoded number:	        setTypeOfGradeSegment(2);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:114:hardcoded variable:	  const handleMultipleItems = (value, name, params) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:115:hardcoded number:	    if (params.length >= 3) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:116:hardcoded number:	      setOptionsK10((prevState) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:117:hardcoded array:	        let options = [...prevState];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:121:hardcoded string:	        console.log(options, "inside true");
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:125:hardcoded number:	      setOptionsK10((prevState) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:126:hardcoded array:	        let options = [...prevState];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:130:hardcoded string:	        console.log(options, "inside, false");
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:136:hardcoded array:	      [name]: params,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:140:hardcoded variable:	  const isOptionDisabled = (option) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:141:hardcoded string:	    console.log("In option Disabled Andoid box form");
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:145:hardcoded variable:	  const getFormDetails = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:146:hardcoded variable:	    const formDetails = [
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:148:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:149:hardcoded string:	        name: "gradeSegment",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:150:hardcoded string:	        label: "Grade Segment",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:152:hardcoded string:	          { label: "Grades 4-10 (K10)", value: "gradesK10" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:153:hardcoded string:	          { label: "Grades 11-12 (K12)", value: "gradesK12" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:158:hardcoded number:	      typeOfGradeSegment === 1 && {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:159:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:160:hardcoded string:	        name: "gradesK10",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:161:hardcoded string:	        label: "Grades",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:162:hardcoded number:	        options: optionsK10,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:168:hardcoded number:	      typeOfGradeSegment === 2 && {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:169:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:170:hardcoded string:	        name: "gradesK12",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:171:hardcoded string:	        label: "Grades",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:172:hardcoded number:	        options: optionsK12,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:176:hardcoded number:	      typeOfGradeSegment === 2 && {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:177:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:178:hardcoded string:	        name: "selectCourse",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:179:hardcoded string:	        label: "Select Course",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:181:hardcoded string:	          { value: "commerce", label: "Commerce" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:182:hardcoded string:	          { value: "jee", label: "JEE" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:183:hardcoded string:	          { value: "neet", label: "NEET" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:184:hardcoded string:	          { value: "jeeneet", label: "JEE + NEET" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:190:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:191:hardcoded string:	        name: "selectValidity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:192:hardcoded string:	        label: "Select Validity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:194:hardcoded string:	          { value: "monthlyTrial", label: "Monthly Trial" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:195:hardcoded string:	          { value: "2024", label: "2024" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:196:hardcoded string:	          { value: "2025", label: "2025" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:197:hardcoded string:	          { value: "2026", label: "2026" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:203:hardcoded string:	        type: "number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:204:hardcoded string:	        name: "selectQuantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:205:hardcoded string:	        label: "Quantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:213:hardcoded object:	          ref={productFormRef}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:214:hardcoded object:	          initialValues={productFormValues}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:215:hardcoded object:	          fields={formDetails}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:221:hardcoded object:	    <Modal isOpen={modal} toggle={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:222:hardcoded object:	      <ModalHeader toggle={toggle}>SD Card</ModalHeader>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:223:hardcoded object:	      <ModalBody>{getFormDetails()}</ModalBody>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:224:hardcoded string:	      <ModalFooter style={{ display: "flex", justifyContent: "space-between" }}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:225:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/sdCardForm/index.js:228:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={onAddItem}>
