microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:1:hardcoded variable:export const ELIGIBLE_PAYMENT_STATUSES_FOR_ADVANCE_EMI = {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:2:hardcoded string:    "PAYTM": "success",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:3:hardcoded string:    "PAYU": "success",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:4:hardcoded string:    "RAZORPAY": "success",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:5:hardcoded string:    "SCR": ["pending", "Reconciled Successfully"],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:6:hardcoded string:    "CCR": "reconciled",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:7:hardcoded string:    "GPAY": "reconciled",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:8:hardcoded string:    "CASHFREE": "reconciled",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:9:hardcoded string:    "FULLERTON": ["disbursed", "active", "Post Sanc Doc", "Disbursal Initiation", "Disbursal Finish", "Disbursal Detail", "End"],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:10:hardcoded string:    "AVANSE": "approved",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:11:hardcoded string:    "RBL": ["disbursed", "active"],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:12:hardcoded string:    "IIFL": "disbursed",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:13:hardcoded string:    "BYJUS_ASSURE": "active",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:14:hardcoded string:    "BYJUS_ADVANTAGE": "active",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:15:hardcoded string:    "ICICI": "active",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:16:hardcoded string:    "ABFL": "disbursed",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:17:hardcoded string:    "KOTAK": "disbursed",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:18:hardcoded string:    "PARTNER_PAYMENT": "reconciled",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:19:hardcoded string:    "INCRED": "disbursed",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:20:hardcoded string:    "INTERNATIONAL_PAYMENT": "reconciled",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/kartbeta/payment/helper/constants.js:21:hardcoded string:    "BANK_TRANSFER": "reconciled"
