microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:1:hardcoded variable:	const lsAccounts = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:3:hardcoded string:	    "24692": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:4:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 24692,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:5:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api-in21.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:6:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": false,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:7:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "calling"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:10:hardcoded string:	    "17139": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:11:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 17139,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:12:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:13:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:14:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "conduction"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:17:hardcoded string:	    "24693": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:18:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 24693,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:19:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:20:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:21:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "conduction"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:24:hardcoded string:	    "7461": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:25:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 7461,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:26:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:27:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:28:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "retention"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:31:hardcoded string:	    "46867": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:32:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 46867,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:33:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:34:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:35:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "jee"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:37:hardcoded number:	    /**K3 Account */
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:38:hardcoded string:	    "50476": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:39:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 50476,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:40:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:41:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:42:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "k3"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:45:hardcoded string:	    "24694": {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:46:hardcoded string:	        "accountNo": 24694,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:47:hardcoded string:	        "authenticationBaseUrl": "https://api.leadsquared.com/v2/Authentication.svc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:48:hardcoded string:	        "enableOtp": true,
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:49:hardcoded string:	        "accountType": "middle-east"
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:54:hardcoded variable:	const getLSAccountDetails = (lsAccountNo) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:55:hardcoded string:	    return lsAccounts[lsAccountNo] || { "accountType": "" };
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:58:hardcoded variable:	const adminLeadAccounts = [
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:59:hardcoded string:	    'mrinal+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:60:hardcoded string:	    'mrinal+24692@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:61:hardcoded string:	    'byjusk12@leadsquared.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:62:hardcoded string:	    'praz+24692@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:63:hardcoded string:	    'vini.elezabeth@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:64:hardcoded string:	    'agencyuser.24692@leadsquared.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:65:hardcoded string:	    'agencyuser.19088@leadsquared.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:66:hardcoded string:	    'byjus@leadsquared.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:67:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+19088@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:68:hardcoded string:	    'shikha.suman@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:69:hardcoded string:	    'kirtika.koner1@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:70:hardcoded string:	    'agencyuser.24692@leadsquared.com.new',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:71:hardcoded string:	    'mohnish@thinkandlearn.in',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:72:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+24692@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:73:hardcoded string:	    'praz+jee@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:74:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+jee@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:75:hardcoded string:	    'praz+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:76:hardcoded string:	    'byjuscatias@leadsquared.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:77:hardcoded string:	    'ls-admin+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:78:hardcoded string:	    'soham+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:79:hardcoded string:	    'manasa.gottukur@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:80:hardcoded string:	    'manasa.gottukur+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:81:hardcoded string:	    'manasa.gottukur+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:82:hardcoded string:	    'manasa.gottukur+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:83:hardcoded string:	    'nida.khan1@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:84:hardcoded string:	    'nida.khan1+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:85:hardcoded string:	    'agencyuser.19088@leadsquared.com.new',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:86:hardcoded string:	    'nida.khan1+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:87:hardcoded string:	    'nida.khan1+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:88:hardcoded string:	    'eluru.satyamouli@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:89:hardcoded string:	    'eluru.satyamouli+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:90:hardcoded string:	    'eluru.satyamouli+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:91:hardcoded string:	    'eluru.satyamouli+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:92:hardcoded string:	    'akshit.nirmal@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:93:hardcoded string:	    'akshit.nirmal+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:94:hardcoded string:	    'akshit.nirmal+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:95:hardcoded string:	    'akshit.nirmal+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:96:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:97:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:98:hardcoded string:	    'tajender.singh+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:99:hardcoded string:	    'shikha.suman+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:100:hardcoded string:	    'shikha.suman+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:101:hardcoded string:	    'shikha.suman+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:102:hardcoded string:	    'kirtika.koner1+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:103:hardcoded string:	    'kirtika.koner1+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:104:hardcoded string:	    'kirtika.koner1+46867@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:105:hardcoded string:	    'mohnish+24693@thinkandlearn.in',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:106:hardcoded string:	    'mohnish+46867@thinkandlearn.in',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:107:hardcoded string:	    'mohnish+50476@thinkandlearn.in',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:108:hardcoded string:	    'vini.elezabeth+24692@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:109:hardcoded string:	    'vini.elezabeth+24693@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:110:hardcoded string:	    'vini.elezabeth+50476@byjus.com',
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:111:hardcoded string:	    'vini.elezabeth+46867@byjus.com'
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:114:hardcoded string:	const jwtAuthTokenKey = "byjusmiddlewareauthtokenkey";
microservices-middleware/server/src/authmanagement/utils/authConfig.js:115:hardcoded string:	const debugToken = "Buth8NuRuph4kohChei6Ohtep9mah6eegh2eeTah0eipegho";
