microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:17:hardcoded variable:	const mapStateToProps = state => ({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:18:hardcoded string:	    authDetails: get(state, 'auth.details'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:19:hardcoded string:	    leadDetails: get(state, 'auth.leadDetails'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:20:hardcoded string:	    salesDetails: get(state, "details.salesDetails"),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:21:hardcoded string:	    customerDetails: get(state, 'details.customerDetails'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:22:hardcoded string:	    identifier: get(state, 'details.identifier'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:23:hardcoded string:	    existingProfiles: get(state, 'product.existingProfiles'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:24:hardcoded string:	    showProfileSelectionOption: get(state, 'product.showProfileSelectionOption'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:25:hardcoded string:	    productDetails: get(state, 'product.details'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:26:hardcoded string:	    productConfig: get(state, 'product.config'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:27:hardcoded string:	    loading: get(state, 'product.loading'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:28:hardcoded string:	    error: get(state, 'product.error'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:31:hardcoded variable:	const mapDispatchToProps = dispatch => ({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:55:hardcoded object:	            productConfig: {},
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:56:hardcoded array:	            fields: [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:58:hardcoded string:	            validity: '2024'
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:63:hardcoded object:	        const { initialClass, finalClass, validity, session } = this.state;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:64:hardcoded object:	        const { productCombination, identifier, existingProfiles, productType, user } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:65:hardcoded object:	        const { productDetailsForm, byjusMathMentoringForm} = this.refs;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:66:hardcoded variable:	        const details = productDetailsForm && (await productDetailsForm.getProductDetails());
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:67:hardcoded variable:	        const byjusMathMentoringFormValues = byjusMathMentoringForm && (await byjusMathMentoringForm.getMentoringValues())
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:69:hardcoded variable:	        const isPrivilegedUser = checkIsPrivilegedUser(user);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:70:hardcoded string:	        const productDetails = get(details, 'productDetails') || {};
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:71:hardcoded string:	        const tablet = get(productDetails,'tablet');
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:77:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['tabletId'] = isEmpty(tablet) ? "" : this.state[`tabletId`];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:78:hardcoded string:	           // productDetails['usageMode'] = isEmpty(tablet) ? "Browser" : "native_app";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:79:hardcoded string:	          //  productDetails['deviceType'] = isEmpty(tablet) ? "laptop" : "tablet";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:80:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['usageMode'] = isEmpty(tablet) ? "Browser" : "native_app";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:81:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['deviceType'] = isEmpty(tablet) ? "" : "tablet";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:82:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['validity'] = validity;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:83:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['bfsProductType'] = session;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:87:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['mentoringDetails'] = get(byjusMathMentoringFormValues, 'mentoring', []);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:88:hardcoded string:	            productDetails['bhlpCourseDetails'] = get(byjusMathMentoringFormValues, 'courseInfo', {});
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:91:hardcoded string:	        if (productType === "combo" && (finalClass === initialClass)) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:92:hardcoded string:	            this.setError("Minimum 2 years product needs to be selected in Combo section to proceed")
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:96:hardcoded number:	        if (existingProfiles.length > 0 && productDetails) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:97:hardcoded variable:	            const isValidate = validateProfileSelection(productDetails);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:102:hardcoded variable:	            const payload = {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:106:hardcoded string:	                mentoringCount: get(details, 'mentoringCount'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:107:hardcoded string:	                couponDetails: get(details, 'couponDetails'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:109:hardcoded string:	                mentoringDetails: get(byjusMathMentoringFormValues, 'mentoring', []),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:110:hardcoded string:	                bhlpCourseDetails: get(byjusMathMentoringFormValues, 'courseInfo', {}),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:115:hardcoded object:	                url: `/api/byjusMathStreaming/product/${productType}`
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:122:hardcoded object:	        const { identifier, productCombination } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:124:hardcoded variable:	        const payload = {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:128:hardcoded string:	            orderPunchingType: "NORMAL_ORDER"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:136:hardcoded string:	                url: '/api/product/storeProductDetails',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:137:hardcoded string:	                method: 'POST',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:140:hardcoded string:	                const { productDetails, cashbackDetails } = get(response, 'data', {});
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:144:hardcoded object:	                this.setState({ error: null });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:146:hardcoded string:	                this.navigateToScreen('address');
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:148:hardcoded object:	                this.setState({ error }, () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:157:hardcoded object:	        const { history } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:158:hardcoded string:	        const url = `/${path}${get(history, 'location.search')}`;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:167:hardcoded object:	        const { fetchComp } = this.refs;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:170:hardcoded object:	            const { status, productDetails } = fetchComp.getProductsAndFinalPrice();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:172:hardcoded string:	                if (status && productDetails && (get(productDetails, 'finalPrice') >= 0)) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:176:hardcoded string:	                    this.setState({ error: 'Product Details Missing' });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:179:hardcoded string:	                const errMsg = get(error, 'message', 'Error') || error;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:180:hardcoded object:	                this.setState({ error: errMsg });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:188:hardcoded string:	            course: selectedCourse, board: selectedBoard, initialClass: selectedInitialClass, validity='' } = this.state;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:189:hardcoded string:	        !selectedCourse && this.handleChanges('K10/K12', 'course');
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:191:hardcoded array:	        const { productType, existingProfiles = [], user = {}, authDetails = {}, leadDetails = {} } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:192:hardcoded object:	        const { vertical } = user;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:193:hardcoded number:	        const { Courses = [], Boards = [], Tablets = [], PreK3EligibleManagers = [] } = productConfig || {};
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:194:hardcoded object:	        const selectedCourseConfig = find(Courses, { formattedName: selectedCourse }) || {};
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:195:hardcoded string:	        const selectedBoardConfig = find(Boards, { formattedName: (selectedBoard || "CBSE") }) || {};
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:196:hardcoded string:	        const classes = getClasses(selectedBoardConfig, '', PreK3EligibleManagers);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:197:hardcoded string:	        let boardOptions = get(selectedCourseConfig, 'boards');
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:198:hardcoded object:	        const { isDevEnv } = window
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:199:hardcoded string:	        const featureEnableList = get(authDetails, "featureEnableList", {})
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:200:hardcoded variable:	        const isPrivilegedUser = checkIsPrivilegedUser(user);
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:201:hardcoded string:	        const isTabletOptional = get(featureEnableList, 'bmath_for_laptop', false) || isPrivilegedUser
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:203:hardcoded variable:	        let fields = [{
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:204:hardcoded string:	            type: 'hidden',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:205:hardcoded string:	            name: 'course',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:206:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select Course',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:207:hardcoded string:	            value: 'K10/K12',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:209:hardcoded string:	            type: 'select',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:210:hardcoded string:	            name: 'board',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:211:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select Board',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:213:hardcoded array:	            options: boardOptions || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:215:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please select Board",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:217:hardcoded string:	            type: selectedBoard === "STATE" ? 'select' : 'hidden',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:218:hardcoded string:	            name: 'state',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:219:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select State',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:220:hardcoded string:	            required: selectedBoard === "STATE",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:221:hardcoded string:	            options: get(selectedBoardConfig, 'states') || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:223:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please select State"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:225:hardcoded string:	            type: 'select',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:226:hardcoded string:	            name: 'initialClass',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:227:hardcoded string:	            label: "Select Initial Grade",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:229:hardcoded array:	            options: getInitialClassValues({ classes, productType }) || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:231:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please Select Initial Grade"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:233:hardcoded string:	            type: (productType === 'combo') ? 'select' : "hidden",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:234:hardcoded string:	            name: 'finalClass',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:235:hardcoded string:	            label: "Select Final Grade",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:236:hardcoded string:	            required: (productType === 'combo') ? true : false,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:237:hardcoded array:	            options: getFinalClassValues({ selectedInitialClass }) || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:239:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please Select Final Grade"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:241:hardcoded string:	            type: 'hidden',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:242:hardcoded string:	            name: 'validity',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:247:hardcoded string:	            type: 'select',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:248:hardcoded string:	            name: 'bfsBatch',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:249:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select Batch Size',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:250:hardcoded array:	            options: getBatchSizeOptions() || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:253:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please select batch size"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:256:hardcoded string:	            type: 'select',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:257:hardcoded string:	            name: 'session',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:258:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select No of session',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:259:hardcoded array:	            options: getSessionOptions({productType}) || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:262:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please select batch size"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:265:hardcoded string:	            type: 'select',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:266:hardcoded array:	           // options: checkPrivTabletAccess(leadDetails, user) ? getAllAvailableTablets() : getTablets({ Tablets }) || [],
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:267:hardcoded object:	            options:getTablets({ Tablets }),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:268:hardcoded string:	            name: 'tablet',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:269:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Select Tablet',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:271:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please select Tablet",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:275:hardcoded string:	            type:  existingProfiles.length > 0 ? 'radio' : 'hidden',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:277:hardcoded string:	            name: 'userProfile',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:278:hardcoded string:	            label: 'Choose Profile Type',
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:280:hardcoded string:	            message: "Please Choose Profile Type",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:281:hardcoded string:	            style: { display: 'block', height: '30px', lineHeight: '30px'},
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:282:hardcoded number:	            required: existingProfiles.length > 0 ? true : false
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:289:hardcoded object:	        const { productDetailsForm } = this.refs;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:290:hardcoded variable:	        const detailsForm = productDetailsForm && productDetailsForm.getProductForm();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:292:hardcoded string:	        if (name === "initialClass") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:293:hardcoded string:	            detailsForm && detailsForm.setFieldsValue({ finalClass: "", tablet: "", bfsBatch: "", session: ""});
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:294:hardcoded string:	            this.setState({ finalClass: "", bfsBatch: "", session: "", error: null });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:297:hardcoded string:	        if (name === "finalClass") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:298:hardcoded string:	            detailsForm && detailsForm.setFieldsValue({ finalClass: "", tablet: "", bfsBatch: "", session: ""});
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:299:hardcoded string:	            this.setState({ bfsBatch: "", session: "", error: null });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:303:hardcoded string:	        if (name === "board" || name === "state") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:304:hardcoded string:	            detailsForm && detailsForm.setFieldsValue({ initialClass: "", finalClass: "", bfsBatch: "", session: "" });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:305:hardcoded string:	            this.setState({ initialClass: "", finalClass: "", bfsBatch: "", session: "" });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:308:hardcoded string:	        if (name === "tablet") {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:309:hardcoded object:	            this.setState({ tabletId: `T-${value}`, error: null });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:312:hardcoded array:	        this.setState({ [name]: value, error: null });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:319:hardcoded object:	        this.setState({ error });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:324:hardcoded object:	            this.setState({ productConfig: nextProps.productConfig }, async () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:330:hardcoded object:	            const { productDetailsForm } = this.refs;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:331:hardcoded variable:	            const detailsForm = productDetailsForm && productDetailsForm.getProductForm();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:333:hardcoded string:	                board: "", initialClass: "", finalClass: "", state: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:334:hardcoded string:	                tablet: "", bfsBatch: "", session: "", userProfile: ""
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:336:hardcoded string:	            this.setState({board: "", initialClass: "", finalClass: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:337:hardcoded string:	            tablet: "", bfsBatch: "", session: "", userProfile: "", state: ""})
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:342:hardcoded object:	        const { productDetails, productConfig, productType } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:344:hardcoded string:	        if (productType === get(productDetails, 'productType')) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:345:hardcoded string:	            const formValues = get(productDetails, 'students[0].formValues');
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:349:hardcoded string:	                course: get(formValues, 'course'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:350:hardcoded string:	                board: get(formValues, 'board'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:351:hardcoded string:	                initialClass: get(formValues, 'initialClass'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:352:hardcoded string:	                finalClass: get(formValues, 'finalClass'),
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:358:hardcoded string:	        this.setState({ productConfig, course: 'K10/K12' });
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:364:hardcoded object:	        const { changeNextBtnMode, productType, productCombination, identifier } = this.props;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:365:hardcoded array:	        const fields = productConfig ? this.getFields() : [];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:366:hardcoded object:	        const initialValue = { ...getProductFormInitialValue(productDetails) }
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:367:hardcoded string:	        finalClass = productType === 'combo' ? finalClass : initialClass;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:368:hardcoded variable:	        const isBatchesEligible = board && initialClass && finalClass && validity && bfsBatch && session;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:372:hardcoded object:	                <ErrorWrapper error={error} errorActions={errorActions} />
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:374:hardcoded string:	                    ref="productDetailsForm"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:375:hardcoded object:	                    productType={productType}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:376:hardcoded object:	                    fields={fields}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:377:hardcoded object:	                    initialValues={initialValue}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:381:hardcoded string:	                        ref="byjusMathMentoringForm"
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:382:hardcoded object:	                        identifier={identifier}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:383:hardcoded object:	                        initialClass={initialClass}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:384:hardcoded object:	                        board={board}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:385:hardcoded object:	                        bfsBatch={bfsBatch}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:386:hardcoded object:	                        productCombination={productCombination}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:387:hardcoded object:	                        classType={classType}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:391:hardcoded string:	                    ref='fetchComp'
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:392:hardcoded object:	                    onClickFetchPrices={this.onClickFetchPrices}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:393:hardcoded object:	                    getProductDetails={this.getProductDetails}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:394:hardcoded object:	                    changeNextBtnMode={changeNextBtnMode}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:395:hardcoded object:	                    productType={productType}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:396:hardcoded object:	                    setError={this.setError}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:397:hardcoded object:	                    productCombination={productCombination}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/ordertype/byjusMathStreaming/ProductPage.js:404:hardcoded object:	export default connect(mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps, null, { forwardRef: true })(ByjusMathStreamingProduct);
