microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:1:hardcoded object:import React, { useState, useRef, useEffect } from "react";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:2:hardcoded file path:import FormBuilder from "components/form/ReactstrapFormBuilder";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:3:hardcoded object:import { Button, Modal, ModalHeader, ModalBody, ModalFooter } from "reactstrap";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:4:hardcoded file path:import callApi from "../../../../../api/callApi";
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:6:hardcoded variable:const ProductFormLEDTV = (props) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:8:hardcoded variable:  const productDetail=props.productDetail;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:11:hardcoded variable:  const toggle = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:15:hardcoded variable:  const productFormRef = useRef();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:16:hardcoded array:  const [productFormValues, setProductFormValues] = useState({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:17:hardcoded string:    selectSize: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:18:hardcoded string:    selectQuantity: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:19:hardcoded string:    poNumber: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:22:hardcoded variable:  const handleChanges = (value, name, params) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:23:hardcoded object:    const { data } = params;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:26:hardcoded string:      [name]: typeof params === "object" ? (data ? data : value) : value,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:30:hardcoded variable:  const onAddItem = async () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:31:hardcoded number:    if (!Object.values(productFormValues).some((value) => value.length === 0)) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:33:hardcoded variable:      const skuName=productFormValues.selectSize.label
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:34:hardcoded number:      const size=skuName.match(/\d+/g)[0];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:36:hardcoded array:      const skuId=productDetail[size];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:39:hardcoded variable:      const payload = {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:40:hardcoded string:        category: "television",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:41:hardcoded string:        subType: "television",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:49:hardcoded variable:      const response = await callApi({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:50:hardcoded string:        method:"POST",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:59:hardcoded string:            "0": `${"LED TV - " + productFormValues.selectSize.label}`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:60:hardcoded string:            "1": productFormValues.selectQuantity,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:61:hardcoded string:            "2": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:62:hardcoded string:            "3": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:63:hardcoded string:            "4": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:64:hardcoded string:            "5": response.data.maxPrice,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:65:hardcoded string:            "6": response.data.minPrice,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:70:hardcoded string:        return [...prev,"television"]
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:76:hardcoded variable:  const getFormDetails = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:77:hardcoded variable:    const formDetails = [
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:79:hardcoded string:        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:80:hardcoded string:        name: "selectSize",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:81:hardcoded string:        label: "Select Size",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:83:hardcoded string:          { label: "LG TV 55 Inch", value: "lgtv55inch" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:84:hardcoded string:          { label: "LG TV 65 Inch", value: "lgtv65inch" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:90:hardcoded string:        type: "number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:91:hardcoded string:        name: "selectQuantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:92:hardcoded string:        label: "Quantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:94:hardcoded string:        min: "1",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:95:hardcoded string:        max: "10",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:99:hardcoded string:        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:100:hardcoded string:        name: "poNumber",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:101:hardcoded string:        label: "PO Number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:110:hardcoded object:          ref={productFormRef}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:111:hardcoded object:          initialValues={productFormValues}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:112:hardcoded object:          fields={formDetails}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:118:hardcoded object:    <Modal isOpen={props.modal} toggle={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:119:hardcoded object:      <ModalHeader toggle={toggle}>LED TV</ModalHeader>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:120:hardcoded object:      <ModalBody>{getFormDetails()}</ModalBody>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:121:hardcoded string:      <ModalFooter style={{ display: "flex", justifyContent: "space-between" }}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:122:hardcoded string:        <Button color="primary" onClick={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/ledTvForm/index.js:125:hardcoded string:        <Button color="primary" onClick={onAddItem}>
