microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:5:hardcoded variable:	const SchoolForm = (props) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:6:hardcoded variable:	  const schoolFormRef = useRef();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:7:hardcoded array:	  const [schoolFormValues, setSchoolFormValues] = useState({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:8:hardcoded string:	    schoolUid: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:9:hardcoded string:	    schoolName: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:10:hardcoded string:	    schoolAddress: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:11:hardcoded string:	    schoolAuthorityName: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:12:hardcoded string:	    schoolAuthorityContactNo: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:13:hardcoded string:	    schoolAuthorityEmailId: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:14:hardcoded string:	    schoolAuthorityDesignation: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:15:hardcoded string:	    alternateContactNo: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:16:hardcoded string:	    schoolPOC1Name: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:17:hardcoded string:	    SchoolPOC1ContactNo: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:18:hardcoded string:	    schoolPOC2Name: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:19:hardcoded string:	    SchoolPOC2ContactNo: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:22:hardcoded variable:	  const handleChanges = (value, name, params) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:23:hardcoded object:	    const { data } = params;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:27:hardcoded string:	      [name]: typeof params === "object" ? (data ? data : value) : value,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:31:hardcoded variable:	  const getFormDetails = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:32:hardcoded variable:	    const initialValues = schoolFormValues;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:33:hardcoded variable:	    const formFields = [
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:35:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:36:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolUId",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:37:hardcoded string:	        label: "School UUID",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:42:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:43:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolName",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:44:hardcoded string:	        label: "School Name",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:49:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:50:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolAddress",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:51:hardcoded string:	        label: "School Address",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:56:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:57:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolAuthorityName",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:58:hardcoded string:	        label: "Name of the School Authority",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:63:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:64:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolAuthorityContactNo",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:65:hardcoded string:	        label: "Contact Number of the School Authority",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:70:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:71:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolAuthorityEmailId",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:72:hardcoded string:	        label: "Email Id of the School Authority",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:77:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:78:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolAuthorityDesignation",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:79:hardcoded string:	        label: "Designation of the School Authority",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:84:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:85:hardcoded string:	        name: "alternateContactNo",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:86:hardcoded string:	        label: "Alternate Contact Number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:91:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:92:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolPOC1Name",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:93:hardcoded string:	        label: "Name Of the School POC-1",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:98:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:99:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolPOC1ContactNo",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:100:hardcoded string:	        label: "Contact Number Of the School POC-1",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:105:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:106:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolPOC2Name",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:107:hardcoded string:	        label: "Name Of the School POC-2",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:111:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:112:hardcoded string:	        name: "schoolPOC2ContactNo",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:113:hardcoded string:	        label: "Contact Number Of the School POC-2",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:120:hardcoded object:	        ref={schoolFormRef}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:121:hardcoded object:	        fields={formFields}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:122:hardcoded object:	        initialValues={initialValues}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:128:hardcoded object:	      {getFormDetails()}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:130:hardcoded string:	      <div style={{ display: "flex", justifyContent: "space-between" }}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:131:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={props.toggleSection(props.index - 1)}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/school/index.js:134:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={props.toggleSection(props.index + 1)}>
