microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:6:hardcoded variable:	const getAakashFormattedPayload = (aakashPayload) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:7:hardcoded object:	    const { businessUnit, courseId, term, academicCarrier } = aakashPayload;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:9:hardcoded string:	        "AcadCarrier": academicCarrier,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:10:hardcoded string:	        "BUUnitId": businessUnit,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:11:hardcoded string:	        "CrseID": courseId,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:12:hardcoded string:	        "Term": term
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:16:hardcoded variable:	const getFormattedAakashResponse = (dataGroupByDate) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:17:hardcoded array:	    let schedules = [];
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:18:hardcoded variable:	    let priceDisrtibution = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:19:hardcoded number:	        totalAmount: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:20:hardcoded number:	        totalAmountWoScholarship: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:22:hardcoded number:	            registrationFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:23:hardcoded number:	            admissionFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:24:hardcoded number:	            techAndExamFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:25:hardcoded number:	            tuitionFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:26:hardcoded number:	            classroomFee: 0
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:29:hardcoded number:	            registrationFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:30:hardcoded number:	            admissionFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:31:hardcoded number:	            techAndExamFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:32:hardcoded number:	            tuitionFee: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:33:hardcoded number:	            classroomFee: 0
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:36:hardcoded variable:	    const dateArray = Object.keys(dataGroupByDate);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:37:hardcoded variable:	    const sortedDateArray = dateArray.sort((a, b) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:38:hardcoded string:	        return moment(a).format('YYYYMMDD') - moment(b).format('YYYYMMDD')
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:42:hardcoded number:	    let instNo = 0;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:44:hardcoded number:	        instNo = instNo + 1;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:45:hardcoded array:	        const data = dataGroupByDate[date];
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:46:hardcoded string:	        const totalAmountWoSclshp = data.reduce((total, current) => total + Number(current["Total"]), 0);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:47:hardcoded variable:	        const splitData = data.map(d => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:48:hardcoded string:	            const itemTitle = getAakashItemTitle(d["Item_type_title"]);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:50:hardcoded string:	            priceDisrtibution.totalAmount += parseInt(d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] ? d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] : d["Total"])
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:51:hardcoded string:	            priceDisrtibution.total[getAakashItemTitle(d["Item_type_title"])] += parseInt(d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] ? d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] : d["Total"])
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:52:hardcoded string:	            priceDisrtibution.totalAmountWoScholarship += parseInt(d["Total"])
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:53:hardcoded string:	            priceDisrtibution.totalWoScholarship[getAakashItemTitle(d["Item_type_title"])] += parseInt(d["Total"])
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:56:hardcoded string:	                "type": itemTitle,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:57:hardcoded string:	                "totalWoSclshp": d["Total"],
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:58:hardcoded string:	                "total": d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] ? d["TOTAL_AFTER_CON"] : d["Total"],
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:59:hardcoded string:	                "sclshpPercentage": d["CONCESSION_PERC"] || 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:60:hardcoded string:	                "remarks": d["Remarks"] || ""
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:63:hardcoded number:	        const totalAmount = splitData.reduce((total, current) => total + Number(current[`total`]), 0);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:65:hardcoded variable:	        const installmentDate = moment(date).isAfter(moment()) ? date : moment();
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:66:hardcoded string:	        const instNumber = moment(date).isAfter(moment()) ? instNo : "Down Payment";
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:77:hardcoded object:	    return { schedules, priceDisrtibution };
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:80:hardcoded variable:	const assemblePdcPaymentPayload = (payment, user) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:81:hardcoded variable:	    const payload = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:83:hardcoded string:	        location: get(user, "location", "") || "",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:84:hardcoded string:	        campaign: get(user, "campaign", "") || "",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:85:hardcoded string:	        department: get(user, "department", "") || "",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:86:hardcoded string:	        subDepartment: get(user, "subDepartment", "") || "",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:91:hardcoded variable:	const getFormattedConcession = (scholarshipDetails) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:92:hardcoded string:	    const scholarships = get(scholarshipDetails, "scholarships", []);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:93:hardcoded variable:	    const concession = scholarships.map((scholarship) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:95:hardcoded string:	            "Category": scholarship.aakashCategory,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:96:hardcoded string:	            "subSubCategory": scholarship.subCategory,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:97:hardcoded string:	            "SubsubSubCategory": scholarship.subSubCategory,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/assembler.js:98:hardcoded string:	            "Concession": scholarship.value
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:9:hardcoded variable:	const getCourseFeesSchedules = async (aakashPayload, scholarshipDetails) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:11:hardcoded variable:	        const formattedPayload = getAakashFormattedPayload(aakashPayload);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:12:hardcoded string:	        formattedPayload['Concession'] = getFormattedConcession(scholarshipDetails)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:14:hardcoded variable:	        const feesDetails = await callAakashAPIToFetchCourseFees(formattedPayload);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:16:hardcoded string:	        const priceBreakup = get(feesDetails, 'priceBreakup', []);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:17:hardcoded string:	        const dataGroupByDate = groupBy(priceBreakup.sort(), 'orig_due_date');
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:19:hardcoded object:	        const { schedules, priceDisrtibution } = getFormattedAakashResponse(dataGroupByDate);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:20:hardcoded object:	        return { schedules, priceDisrtibution };
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:26:hardcoded object:	const insertSchedules = async ({ quotationId, pdcSchedules, businessUnit }) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:35:hardcoded variable:	const createPdcPaymentService = async (payment, user) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:37:hardcoded variable:	        const payload = assemblePdcPaymentPayload(payment, user);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:38:hardcoded variable:	        const response = await callPtmsToCreatePayment(payload);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:39:hardcoded string:	        if (response?.success && response?.paymentStatus === 'initiated') {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:41:hardcoded object:	                updatePdcSchedulePaymentStatus({ scheduleId: payment?.psId, status: response?.paymentStatus, referenceId: payment?.referenceId });
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:50:hardcoded variable:	const getUpdatedscholarshipDetails = ({ finalPrice, netPrice, scholarshipDetails, actualPriceBreakup,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:52:hardcoded object:	    const { tuitionFee, classroomFee } = actualPriceBreakup
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:53:hardcoded variable:	    const maxScholarship = parseInt(tuitionFee) + parseInt(classroomFee)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:54:hardcoded variable:	    let amount = netPrice - finalPrice
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:55:hardcoded number:	    let value = round(amount*100 / maxScholarship) 
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:56:hardcoded number:	    amount =round( value * maxScholarship/100)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:57:hardcoded variable:	    let scholarshipE = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:59:hardcoded string:	        "basedOn": "Discretionary discount",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:60:hardcoded string:	        "category": "E",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:61:hardcoded string:	        "subCategory": 14,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:62:hardcoded string:	        "subSubCategory": 74,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:63:hardcoded string:	        "aakashCategory": "CRC",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/service.js:69:hardcoded array:	            scholarships: [scholarshipE],
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:3:hardcoded variable:	const getAakashItemTitle = (itemTitle) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:4:hardcoded string:	    let formattedTitle = "";
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:5:hardcoded variable:	    const titleMap = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:6:hardcoded string:	        "registration_fee": "registrationFee",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:7:hardcoded string:	        "admission_kit": "admissionFee",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:8:hardcoded string:	        "tuition_fee": "tuitionFee",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:9:hardcoded string:	        "tech_exam_fee": "techAndExamFee",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:10:hardcoded string:	        "classroom_fee": "classroomFee"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:14:hardcoded array:	            formattedTitle = titleMap[title];
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:21:hardcoded variable:	const getCompConcessionSplit = (totalConcessionDetails) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:22:hardcoded object:	    const data = {};
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:23:hardcoded object:	    Object.keys(totalConcessionDetails || {}).map((key) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/pdcUtils.js:24:hardcoded array:	        data[key] = totalConcessionDetails[key].value;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:3:hardcoded variable:	const bn = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:4:hardcoded string:	    SU079: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:5:hardcoded string:	    AG034: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:6:hardcoded string:	    AJ427: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:7:hardcoded string:	    AK409: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:8:hardcoded string:	    UP486: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:9:hardcoded string:	    UP484: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:10:hardcoded string:	    AG032: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:11:hardcoded string:	    AD074: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:12:hardcoded string:	    AB443: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:13:hardcoded string:	    AM038: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:14:hardcoded string:	    AM081: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:15:hardcoded string:	    AM061: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:16:hardcoded string:	    AR027: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:17:hardcoded string:	    MB016: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:18:hardcoded string:	    JR049: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:19:hardcoded string:	    AN062: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:20:hardcoded string:	    UP479: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:21:hardcoded string:	    DH011: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:22:hardcoded string:	    BG446: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:23:hardcoded string:	    BH410: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:24:hardcoded string:	    BG442: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:25:hardcoded string:	    BP146: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:26:hardcoded string:	    BH024: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:27:hardcoded string:	    BH430: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:28:hardcoded string:	    BH067: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:29:hardcoded string:	    OR473: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:30:hardcoded string:	    RJ467: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:31:hardcoded string:	    BO063: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:32:hardcoded string:	    CL051: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:33:hardcoded string:	    CH012: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:34:hardcoded string:	    AM047: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:35:hardcoded string:	    OR474: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:36:hardcoded string:	    CN023: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:37:hardcoded string:	    CN030: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:38:hardcoded string:	    CN097: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:39:hardcoded string:	    CO052: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:40:hardcoded string:	    CO425: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:41:hardcoded string:	    OR475: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:42:hardcoded string:	    DD126: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:43:hardcoded string:	    DG123: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:44:hardcoded string:	    DU309: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:45:hardcoded string:	    DW087: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:46:hardcoded string:	    FB019: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:47:hardcoded string:	    PB452: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:48:hardcoded string:	    GJ422: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:49:hardcoded string:	    RJ462: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:50:hardcoded string:	    GY174: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:51:hardcoded string:	    ID050: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:52:hardcoded string:	    MB419: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:53:hardcoded string:	    UP489: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:54:hardcoded string:	    GP073: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:55:hardcoded string:	    GN009: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:56:hardcoded string:	    GG117: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:57:hardcoded string:	    AS677: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:58:hardcoded string:	    AS678: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:59:hardcoded string:	    AS679: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:60:hardcoded string:	    GW076: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:61:hardcoded string:	    HD411: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:62:hardcoded string:	    UP481: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:63:hardcoded string:	    HB065: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:64:hardcoded string:	    HY044: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:65:hardcoded string:	    HR026: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:66:hardcoded string:	    BH083: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:67:hardcoded string:	    HU401: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:68:hardcoded string:	    BI040: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:69:hardcoded string:	    JP072: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:70:hardcoded string:	    JD029: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:71:hardcoded string:	    JK122: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:72:hardcoded string:	    JK131: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:73:hardcoded string:	    JP001: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:74:hardcoded string:	    JP002: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:75:hardcoded string:	    BJ042: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:76:hardcoded string:	    JH445: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:77:hardcoded string:	    JD075: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:78:hardcoded string:	    JH139: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:79:hardcoded string:	    KA429: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:80:hardcoded string:	    KR036: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:81:hardcoded string:	    MB068: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:82:hardcoded string:	    KN094: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:83:hardcoded string:	    KA436: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:84:hardcoded string:	    KM440: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:85:hardcoded string:	    KO069: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:86:hardcoded string:	    HY095: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:87:hardcoded string:	    KT404: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:88:hardcoded string:	    KP053: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:89:hardcoded string:	    KL089: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:90:hardcoded string:	    KR033: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:91:hardcoded string:	    MH478: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:92:hardcoded string:	    LD022: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:93:hardcoded string:	    MD400: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:94:hardcoded string:	    MD465: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:95:hardcoded string:	    SU056: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:96:hardcoded string:	    MG444: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:97:hardcoded string:	    AM054: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:98:hardcoded string:	    VD080: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:99:hardcoded string:	    KL460: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:100:hardcoded string:	    GO421: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:101:hardcoded string:	    UP463: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:102:hardcoded string:	    CN098: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:103:hardcoded string:	    MR031: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:104:hardcoded string:	    DL487: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:105:hardcoded string:	    MR180: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:106:hardcoded string:	    MB017: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:107:hardcoded string:	    MP145: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:108:hardcoded string:	    MY454: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:109:hardcoded string:	    MY402: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:110:hardcoded string:	    MH476: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:111:hardcoded string:	    NN035: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:112:hardcoded string:	    NE431: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:113:hardcoded string:	    MB018: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:114:hardcoded string:	    VD039: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:115:hardcoded string:	    ND008: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:116:hardcoded string:	    ND086: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:117:hardcoded string:	    KL043: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:118:hardcoded string:	    PL037: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:119:hardcoded string:	    GO066: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:120:hardcoded string:	    PA059: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:121:hardcoded string:	    PP025: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:122:hardcoded string:	    PA060: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:123:hardcoded string:	    PN085: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:124:hardcoded string:	    KR084: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:125:hardcoded string:	    DL483: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:126:hardcoded string:	    AN319: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:127:hardcoded string:	    DL477: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:128:hardcoded string:	    PD459: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:129:hardcoded string:	    PN014: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:130:hardcoded string:	    DL482: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:131:hardcoded string:	    AP433: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:132:hardcoded string:	    BR041: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:133:hardcoded string:	    DH010: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:134:hardcoded string:	    RC113: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:135:hardcoded string:	    ID078: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:136:hardcoded string:	    KL046: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:137:hardcoded string:	    HR197: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:138:hardcoded string:	    DL485: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:139:hardcoded string:	    DL488: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:140:hardcoded string:	    RK020: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:141:hardcoded string:	    BG447: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:142:hardcoded string:	    HY045: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:143:hardcoded string:	    SP028: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:144:hardcoded string:	    SL307: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:145:hardcoded string:	    HY096: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:146:hardcoded string:	    AS680: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:147:hardcoded string:	    SA438: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:148:hardcoded string:	    MH480: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:149:hardcoded string:	    GG132: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:150:hardcoded string:	    SE003: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:151:hardcoded string:	    SE004: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:152:hardcoded string:	    JR021: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:153:hardcoded string:	    TR403: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:154:hardcoded string:	    AS317: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:155:hardcoded string:	    TR099: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:156:hardcoded string:	    TR090: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:157:hardcoded string:	    HY082: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:158:hardcoded string:	    TN434: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:159:hardcoded string:	    KL048: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:160:hardcoded string:	    RJ466: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:161:hardcoded string:	    UD184: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:162:hardcoded string:	    UJ426: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:163:hardcoded string:	    JP070: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:164:hardcoded string:	    GJ458: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:165:hardcoded string:	    SU457: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:166:hardcoded string:	    VL439: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:167:hardcoded string:	    VJ091: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:168:hardcoded string:	    MB415: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:169:hardcoded string:	    VZ057: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:170:hardcoded string:	    VZ088: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:171:hardcoded string:	    WR093: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:172:hardcoded string:	    WF064: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:173:hardcoded string:	    HR432: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:174:hardcoded string:	    MH645: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:175:hardcoded string:	    GJ609: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:176:hardcoded string:	    MB417: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:177:hardcoded string:	    MH494: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:178:hardcoded string:	    RJ490: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:179:hardcoded string:	    GJ468: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:180:hardcoded string:	    TN627: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:181:hardcoded string:	    HR624: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:182:hardcoded string:	    MP601: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:183:hardcoded string:	    OR662: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:184:hardcoded string:	    KA638: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:185:hardcoded string:	    RJ610: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:186:hardcoded string:	    RH681: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:187:hardcoded string:	    OR663: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:188:hardcoded string:	    RJ681: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:189:hardcoded string:	    MH634: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:190:hardcoded string:	    MP613: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:191:hardcoded string:	    KA626: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:192:hardcoded string:	    KA640: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:193:hardcoded string:	    MP602: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:194:hardcoded string:	    MP498: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:195:hardcoded string:	    KA637: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:196:hardcoded string:	    TN641: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:197:hardcoded string:	    UP497: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:198:hardcoded string:	    HR612: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:199:hardcoded string:	    UP666: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:200:hardcoded string:	    AP492: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:201:hardcoded string:	    KA667: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:202:hardcoded string:	    HR686: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:203:hardcoded string:	    HP491: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:204:hardcoded string:	    KA619: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:205:hardcoded string:	    PB472: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:206:hardcoded string:	    HR685: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:207:hardcoded string:	    MH493: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:208:hardcoded string:	    PB471: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:209:hardcoded string:	    HR469: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:210:hardcoded string:	    TN656: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:211:hardcoded string:	    AP669: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:212:hardcoded string:	    KL676: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:213:hardcoded string:	    UP605: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:214:hardcoded string:	    KA625: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:215:hardcoded string:	    KL615: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:216:hardcoded string:	    TG635: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:217:hardcoded string:	    MH643: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:218:hardcoded string:	    MH616: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:219:hardcoded string:	    GJ600: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:220:hardcoded string:	    MP603: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:221:hardcoded string:	    MH647: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:222:hardcoded string:	    MB015: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:223:hardcoded string:	    UP630: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:224:hardcoded string:	    UP632: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:225:hardcoded string:	    TN668: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:226:hardcoded string:	    TN622: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:227:hardcoded string:	    GJ623: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:228:hardcoded string:	    TG496: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:229:hardcoded string:	    PB611: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:230:hardcoded string:	    HR470: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:231:hardcoded string:	    RJ620: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:232:hardcoded string:	    GJ653: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:233:hardcoded string:	    MP639: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:234:hardcoded string:	    UT621: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:235:hardcoded string:	    MP618: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:236:hardcoded string:	    MH633: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:237:hardcoded string:	    GJ664: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:238:hardcoded string:	    HP604: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:239:hardcoded string:	    KA636: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:240:hardcoded string:	    RJ608: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:241:hardcoded string:	    HR495: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:242:hardcoded string:	    GJ648: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:243:hardcoded string:	    UP646: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:244:hardcoded string:	    TN629: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:245:hardcoded string:	    RJ614: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:246:hardcoded string:	    KA655: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:247:hardcoded string:	    KA628: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:248:hardcoded string:	    UP617: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:249:hardcoded string:	    MH642: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:250:hardcoded string:	    AP652: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:251:hardcoded string:	    KA654: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:252:hardcoded string:	    MP670: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:253:hardcoded string:	    GJ649: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:254:hardcoded string:	    MH657: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:255:hardcoded string:	    KA650: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:256:hardcoded string:	    UP644: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:257:hardcoded string:	    DL661: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:258:hardcoded string:	    MH651: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:259:hardcoded string:	    GJ665: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:260:hardcoded string:	    GJ682: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:261:hardcoded string:	    TN659: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:262:hardcoded string:	    AT311: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:263:hardcoded string:	    KK109: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:264:hardcoded string:	    AD157: "Aspire educare",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:265:hardcoded string:	    PT315: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:266:hardcoded string:	    KK194: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:267:hardcoded string:	    KK166: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:268:hardcoded string:	    DP135: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:269:hardcoded string:	    PT115: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:270:hardcoded string:	    KN178: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:271:hardcoded string:	    WB314: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:272:hardcoded string:	    KK108: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:273:hardcoded string:	    KK195: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:274:hardcoded string:	    KK110: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:275:hardcoded string:	    PA144: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:276:hardcoded string:	    KK111: "Balajee Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:277:hardcoded string:	    BO127: "Brahmananda Educational Services Pvt. Ltd.",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:278:hardcoded string:	    JM118: "Brahmananda Educations Pvt. Ltd.",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:279:hardcoded string:	    MH175: "Devansh Education Pvt Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:280:hardcoded string:	    BL199: "Edscience Knowledge Solution Pvt. Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:281:hardcoded string:	    HW125: "Edscience Knowledge Solution Pvt. Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:282:hardcoded string:	    UK318: "Edscience Knowledge Solution Pvt. Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:283:hardcoded string:	    DL198: "Gyaneshwar educational Services LLP",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:284:hardcoded string:	    CG192: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:285:hardcoded string:	    VN156: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:286:hardcoded string:	    VN152: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:287:hardcoded string:	    MH607: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:288:hardcoded string:	    MB161: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:289:hardcoded string:	    RP186: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:290:hardcoded string:	    MP313: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:291:hardcoded string:	    SN141: "Northend Educational Excellence",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:292:hardcoded string:	    SN190: "Northend Educational Excellence",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:293:hardcoded string:	    SN310: "Northend Educational Excellence",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:294:hardcoded string:	    BI133: "P K Educare",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:295:hardcoded string:	    MT167: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:296:hardcoded string:	    GH138: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:297:hardcoded string:	    CD142: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:298:hardcoded string:	    CG692: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:299:hardcoded string:	    DN690: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:300:hardcoded string:	    AP691: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:301:hardcoded string:	    BR671: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:302:hardcoded string:	    MH683: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:303:hardcoded string:	    JH674: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:304:hardcoded string:	    BR672: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:305:hardcoded string:	    JK687: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:306:hardcoded string:	    JK688: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:307:hardcoded string:	    BR673: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:308:hardcoded string:	    MH631: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:309:hardcoded string:	    JH675: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:310:hardcoded string:	    JK689: "Aakash Education Services Ltd",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/PdcBeneficiaries.js:311:hardcoded string:	    BI133: "Aakash Education Services Ltd"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:4:hardcoded string:	const { AakashBranch } = require('@byjus-orders/npgexemplum')
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:11:hardcoded variable:	const getAakashFeesSchedules = async (req, res) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:12:hardcoded string:	    logger.info({ method: 'getAakashFeesSchedules' }, { message: "Fetching payment Schedules " });
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:13:hardcoded object:	    const { aakashPayload, scholarshipDetails = {} } = req.body;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:15:hardcoded string:	    const { businessUnit = "" } = aakashPayload;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:18:hardcoded variable:	        const schedules = await getCourseFeesSchedules(aakashPayload, scholarshipDetails);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:19:hardcoded variable:	        /*const schedulesRaw = await PdcSchedulesMaster.findAll({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:20:hardcoded number:	            where: {aakashPricesId: 13291},
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:23:hardcoded variable:	        let PdcBeneficiary = await AakashBranch.findOne({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:26:hardcoded string:	                status: "active"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:29:hardcoded string:	                "beneficiary"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:33:hardcoded object:	        const { beneficiary } = PdcBeneficiary
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:34:hardcoded array:	        let bn = PdcBeneficiaries.bn[businessUnit];
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:35:hardcoded string:	        const totalAmount = schedules.reduce((total, current) => total + Number(current["total"]), 0);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:38:hardcoded string:	            paymentType: "pdc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:48:hardcoded variable:	const getPdcSchedules = async (req, res) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:50:hardcoded object:	        const { quotationId } = req.body;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:51:hardcoded variable:	        const schedules = await getQuotationPdcSchedules(quotationId);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:52:hardcoded number:	        let totalAmount = 0
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:53:hardcoded string:	        let downPayments = schedules.filter((schedule) => schedule.paymentType == 'down_payment')
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:54:hardcoded string:	        let pdcs = schedules.filter((schedule) => schedule.paymentType == 'pdc')
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:55:hardcoded variable:	        let dpDetails = {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:56:hardcoded number:	            amount: 0,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:57:hardcoded string:	            status: 'pending',
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:64:hardcoded variable:	        let pdcSchedules = pdcs.map((pdc, i) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:69:hardcoded number:	                installmentNo: i + 1,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:73:hardcoded string:	                bankName: pdc.bankName == "null" ? "" : pdc.bankName,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:74:hardcoded string:	                chequeNo: pdc.chequeNo == "null" ? "" : pdc.chequeNo,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:82:hardcoded string:	            paymentType: "pdc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:93:hardcoded variable:	const uploadPdcCheque = async (req, res) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:95:hardcoded variable:	        const response = await callPtmsToUploadCheque(req?.body?.quotationId, req.files);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:103:hardcoded number:	        return res.status(200).json({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:104:hardcoded number:	            status: 200,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:105:hardcoded string:	            message: "Successfully uploaded cheque",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:109:hardcoded number:	        return res.status(500).json({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:110:hardcoded number:	            status: 500,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:118:hardcoded variable:	const createPdcPayment = async (req, res) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:120:hardcoded object:	        const { body, user } = req;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:121:hardcoded variable:	        const isAlreadyCreated = await checkPresentPdcPayment(body)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:124:hardcoded variable:	            const response = await createPdcPaymentService(body, user);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:125:hardcoded number:	            return res.status(200).json({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:126:hardcoded number:	                status: 200,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:127:hardcoded string:	                message: "Successfully created payment",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:131:hardcoded number:	            return res.status(405).json({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:132:hardcoded number:	                status: 405,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:133:hardcoded string:	                message: "PDC Payment was already Created for this Quotation",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:137:hardcoded number:	        return res.status(500).json({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:138:hardcoded number:	            status: 500,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:146:hardcoded variable:	const getUpdatedPdcSchedules = async (req, res) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:147:hardcoded string:	    logger.info({ method: 'getUpdatedPdcSchedules' }, { message: "Fetching updated payment Schedules " });
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:148:hardcoded object:	    const { productDetails } = req.body;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:149:hardcoded object:	    let { scholarshipDetails, finalPrice, netPrice, actualPriceBreakup, aakashPriceBreakup, aakashPayload, acstGiven, schedules } = productDetails
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:150:hardcoded string:	    const { businessUnit = "" } = aakashPayload;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:154:hardcoded object:	            scholarshipDetails = getUpdatedscholarshipDetails({ finalPrice, netPrice, scholarshipDetails, actualPriceBreakup, acstGiven })
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:155:hardcoded variable:	            const response = await getCourseFeesSchedules(aakashPayload, scholarshipDetails);
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:157:hardcoded variable:	            const priceDisrtibution = response.priceDisrtibution
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:158:hardcoded variable:	            const maxPrice = priceDisrtibution.totalAmountWoScholarship
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:160:hardcoded string:	            const minPrice = aakashPriceBreakup['minPrice'] < netPrice ? aakashPriceBreakup['minPrice'] : netPrice
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:161:hardcoded object:	            aakashPriceBreakup = { ...priceDisrtibution.total, netPrice, maxPrice, minPrice }
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:162:hardcoded number:	            scholarshipDetails = getAppliedScholarships(({ priceDisrtibution, schedule: schedules[0], aakashPriceBreakup, acstGiven, actualPriceBreakup, scholarshipDetails }))
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:165:hardcoded object:	        const { beneficiary } = await AakashBranch.findOne({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:168:hardcoded string:	                status: "active"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/controller.js:171:hardcoded string:	                "beneficiary"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:5:hardcoded string:	const { CondensedPdcSchedule, AakashBranch, PdcSchedules } = require('@byjus-orders/npgexemplum');
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:9:hardcoded variable:	const getQuotationPdcSchedules = async (quotationId) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:11:hardcoded variable:	        const schedules = await CondensedPdcSchedule.findAll({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:12:hardcoded object:	            where: { quotationId },
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:13:hardcoded string:	            order: [['installmentDate', 'ASC']],
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:23:hardcoded variable:	const insertQuotationSchedules = async (schedules, quotationId, businessUnit) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:26:hardcoded number:	        //let i = 0;
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:27:hardcoded variable:	        let PdcBeneficiary = await AakashBranch.findOne({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:30:hardcoded string:	                status: "active"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:33:hardcoded string:	                "beneficiary"
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:37:hardcoded object:	        const { beneficiary } = PdcBeneficiary
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:38:hardcoded array:	        let bn = PdcBeneficiaries.bn[businessUnit];
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:39:hardcoded string:	        const paymentType = moment(schedule.installmentDate).isAfter(moment()) ? "pdc" : "down_payment";
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:40:hardcoded variable:	        const installmentDate = moment(schedule.installmentDate).isAfter(moment()) ? schedule.installmentDate : moment();
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:47:hardcoded string:	            status: "pending",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:48:hardcoded string:	            createdBy: "system",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:51:hardcoded number:	            psInstId: 217 //ToDo : be changed as per the id of pdc_schedule_master
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:56:hardcoded object:	const updateQuotationPdcSchedule = async ({ quotationId, scheduleId, fileUrl, chequeNo, bankName, ifscCode }) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:59:hardcoded string:	            "fileUrl": fileUrl,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:66:hardcoded string:	                "id": scheduleId,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:67:hardcoded string:	                "quotationId": quotationId
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:73:hardcoded object:	const updatePdcSchedulePaymentStatus = async ({ scheduleId, status, referenceId }) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:81:hardcoded string:	                "id": scheduleId
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:87:hardcoded object:	const storeSchedules = async ({ schedules, quotationId }) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:88:hardcoded variable:	    const data = schedules.map((sch) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:89:hardcoded string:	        const installmentNo = sch.installmentNo === "Down Payment" ? 1 : sch.installmentNo
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:94:hardcoded string:	            registrationFee: getIndividualFee(sch, "registrationFee"),
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:95:hardcoded string:	            tuitionFee: getIndividualFee(sch, "tuitionFee"),
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:96:hardcoded string:	            classroomFee: getIndividualFee(sch, "classroomFee"),
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:97:hardcoded string:	            techAndExamFee: getIndividualFee(sch, "techAndExamFee"),
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:98:hardcoded string:	            admissionFee: getIndividualFee(sch, "admissionFee"),
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:101:hardcoded string:	            createdBy: 'system',
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:109:hardcoded variable:	const getIndividualFee = (schedule, feeType) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:110:hardcoded number:	    let feeAmount = 0
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:121:hardcoded object:	const checkPresentPdcPayment = async ({ payments }) => {
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:122:hardcoded variable:	    const ids = payments.map((payment) => payment.psId)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:123:hardcoded variable:	    const presentPayments = await CondensedPdcSchedule.findAll({
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:126:hardcoded string:	            paymentType: "pdc",
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/dto.js:128:hardcoded array:	                [Op.not]: null,
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:6:hardcoded object:	const router = express.Router({ mergeParams: true });
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:9:hardcoded string:	    const baseRoute = "/payment/pdc";
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:11:hardcoded object:	    router.route(`${baseRoute}/uploadPdcCheque`)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:18:hardcoded object:	    router.route(`${baseRoute}/getAakashFeesSchedules`)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:22:hardcoded object:	    router.route(`${baseRoute}/getPdcSchedules`)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:27:hardcoded object:	    router.route(`${baseRoute}/createPdcPayment`)
microservices-middleware/server/src/paymentmanagement/pdcpayments/routes.js:32:hardcoded object:	    router.route(`${baseRoute}/getUpdatedPdcSchedules`)
