microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:6:hardcoded variable:	const ProductFormIP = (props) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:8:hardcoded variable:	  const productDetail=props.productDetail
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:10:hardcoded variable:	  const toggle = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:14:hardcoded variable:	  const productFormRef = useRef();
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:15:hardcoded array:	  const [productFormValues, setProductFormValues] = useState({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:16:hardcoded string:	    selectSize: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:17:hardcoded string:	    selectQuantity: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:18:hardcoded string:	    poNumber: "",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:21:hardcoded variable:	  const onAddItem = async () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:22:hardcoded number:	    if (!Object.values(productFormValues).some((value) => value.length === 0)) {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:24:hardcoded variable:	      const skuName=productFormValues.selectSize.label
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:25:hardcoded number:	      const size=skuName.match(/\d+/g)[0];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:26:hardcoded array:	      const skuId=productDetail[size];
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:28:hardcoded variable:	      const payload = {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:29:hardcoded string:	        category: "interactive_panel",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:30:hardcoded string:	        subType: "interactive_panel",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:38:hardcoded variable:	      const response = await callApi({
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:39:hardcoded string:	        method:"POST",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:45:hardcoded string:	        console.log("Inside");
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:49:hardcoded string:	            "0": `${"IP - " + productFormValues.selectSize.label}`,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:50:hardcoded string:	            "1": productFormValues.selectQuantity,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:51:hardcoded string:	            "2": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:52:hardcoded string:	            "3": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:53:hardcoded string:	            "4": " ",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:54:hardcoded string:	            "5": response.data.maxPrice,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:55:hardcoded string:	            "6": response.data.minPrice,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:60:hardcoded string:	        return [...prev,"interactve_panel"]
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:66:hardcoded variable:	  const handleChanges = (value, name, params) => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:67:hardcoded object:	    const { data } = params;
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:71:hardcoded string:	      [name]: typeof params === "object" ? (data ? data : value) : value,
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:75:hardcoded variable:	  const getFormDetails = () => {
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:76:hardcoded variable:	    const formDetails = [
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:78:hardcoded string:	        type: "select",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:79:hardcoded string:	        name: "selectSize",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:80:hardcoded string:	        label: "Select Size",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:82:hardcoded string:	          { label: "LG IP 65 Inch", value: "lgip65inch" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:83:hardcoded string:	          { label: "LG IP 75 Inch", value: "lgip75inch" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:84:hardcoded string:	          { label: "LG IP 86 Inch", value: "lgip86inch" },
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:90:hardcoded string:	        type: "number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:91:hardcoded string:	        name: "selectQuantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:92:hardcoded string:	        label: "Quantity",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:94:hardcoded string:	        min: "1",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:95:hardcoded string:	        max: "10",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:99:hardcoded string:	        type: "text",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:100:hardcoded string:	        name: "poNumber",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:101:hardcoded string:	        label: "PO Number",
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:109:hardcoded object:	          ref={productFormRef}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:110:hardcoded object:	          initialValues={productFormValues}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:111:hardcoded object:	          fields={formDetails}
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:117:hardcoded object:	    <Modal isOpen={props.modal} toggle={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:118:hardcoded object:	      <ModalHeader toggle={toggle}>Interactive Panel</ModalHeader>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:119:hardcoded object:	      <ModalBody>{getFormDetails()}</ModalBody>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:120:hardcoded string:	      <ModalFooter style={{ display: "flex", justifyContent: "space-between" }}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:121:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={toggle}>
microservices-middleware/client/src/modules/quotationschool/student/productdetails/interactivePanelForm/index.js:124:hardcoded string:	        <Button color="primary" onClick={onAddItem}>
